feat(conditions): add datetime fields condition (#2771)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/configuration.rst

          merge:
            method: merge

.. _iso datetime:

Datetime
~~~~~~~~

The date and datetime format must follow the ISO 8601 standard. If timezone is missing, it's assumed to be UTC.

.. code-block::

   2021-04-05
   2012-09-17T22:02:51
   2008-09-22T14:01:54Z
   2013-12-05T07:19:04-08:00

Examples
++++++++

.. code-block:: yaml

      - name: end of life version 10.0
        conditions:
          - base=stable/10.0
          - -closed
          - current-datetime>=2021-04-05
        actions:
          close:
            message: |

>               The pull request base branch is end of life.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              The pull request base branch has reached end-of-life.
```
